It was a cold and gloomy day when I lost my leg; a day that I will never forget.
The day started out normal - quite boring actually.  I was sleeping in bed with my four cats when my pesky alarm went off alerting me to begin my day.
I reached over to hit snooze as I was doing my self a favor by allowing myself to sleep for an extra eight minutes.
"RING RING RING" coming from that devilish device nagging me as my mother used to do when I was in grade school.
"I am an adult now, leave me alone!" I screamed abruptly at my phone as if it was my mother.
Coming to my senses I was pleased to know that it was just my pink Razr flip phone was was screeming at me.
I turned off my alarm and made the mature decision to get out of bed and begin my day.

A typical morning at my house is quite exhilarating so brace yourself.
After I sluggishly crawl out of bed with my comforter draped around me like a superhero cape, I wander into the kitchen to make some coffee and delecious oatmeal.
While I am waiting for my meal to finish cooking, I shed off my comforter full of cat hair and put on the outfit that I am going to wear to impress the world.
I then walk into the bathroom and stare at myself in the mirror for a few minutes wondering what happened throughout the night that made my hair so messy.
It is as if goblins enter my room while I am sleeping and play with my hair for hours - or maybe it's just my cats.
After accepting that my hair is a mess and that I will not be able to leave the house looking this way I place my head under the majestic sink waterfall.
Once my hair has been corrects to what society will feel is acceptable, I walk back to the kitchen to indulge on my oatmeal and coffee.
After the excitement is over, and I am ready to tackle the day, I exit the house and hop into my hip and cool Smart Car and drive to work.

My commute seemed to be normal, other than the annoying rain, but it was going to be the commute that changed the rest of my life.
I pulled onto the highway, pedal to the metal, zipping my efficient car through traffic like no one expected - yeah I knew I was cool.
After getting through the highway traffic and turning onto my exit I noticed a route that I had not seen before that turned off through a cool wooded area.
Given I am always early, I decided to take the small detor and explore this mysterious area.

I just deleted this line to change the text so now the story does not make sense.
In reality I am not missing a leg, but fur some reason that is the first thing that popped into my head.
Probably could have been a pretty sweet story, but I have lost focus, and the story is going downhill from here.
But for the sake of this assignment and to create a larger text document, I am word vomiting my thoughts about my short story.
I added a line here to see what happens when a line is added to a text file.

I was planning on taking the route of some mysterious adventure that the route took me, while encountering mystical creatures, some nice but some evil.
Towards the end I probably battled a dragon, which I beat of course, but was not a flawless victory since I lost my leg during the battle.

THE END!
